The dividend is also a game forest This is the car today
Rice ssr is a combination medal here in use & bar because it is something
Ne
Well here and ssr pet shop
Well, the third piece I mean that does not yet have a pet shop two cups eyes of ssr from Akoko
Maybe there is a common
But what a bit of burger in the past, and finally Maru and diamond feathers such as vanilla ice cream for men and women
It has accumulated but it is a little
that
Got no money I 33-floor fourth floor or the fourth floor four times Gacha to true the rear company does not have a company today
I will stop
By do is that bonus So you turn a total of 6 times
Well go Well If the ball lands of I I article if you Well you love thank you
Last shot
The bottom line is the first Come
Oh also different among the members
Before you win
Chin Kola active both
Take out
Several times Well I guess what Truly now I'm wondering that happening now
I thought I was
You should dye it with my blood
I want to do it for the second time
If it is a member of the 6th floor, it's good if you pull 4 times 4 times and there is an end there
Kinki Taki was ok who Oraora stock wind maybe bread guard of various other Katachiinochi little bit
Follow
Hair before you think Eve from say I like
I 'm glad I've been there
I'm glad I've been
This is not a pet shop
Bone pet shop Jas three big girl Yan
Third body 4
Opposite name received
Here
Seriously and pets
Basiller
Ah
Third time Where to go a third time 's that around third time's 6 that
Sarabe
Third time
In addition, it buys a place where it is not good either with gold and also gold pond goldfish and with ド コ ド コ ド コ ド コ ド ド
Thank you
I do not know where
The God of cheating
Yeah it's good
I think so well now
Well then, if it's the 4th time, it's 3 times or 3 times.
Maybe I want this two bodies Aunti Anubis Polder Deflation 6 bathing Naref
I wonder
Yup
I will go
In So people
Coca little I Oraoraora low
this
The other was that Neko Re'
What do raise that Ape Fool Without Naa did not Well then king
Oingo Boingo will go I'm came out
ask
Oh silver 4th time, please lower me
Wonder would cut always a two-Nante The key Nkko that have bought six ignition manner you were bets
After all it will be good
It will be good Dunber
Ah
ok Well Yoisho'
Not a native
Well then the 5 th
Go to buy
I want this two of Draco's I really like beauty
Dio- like gear like dear summer
Well Well was Rep.
I 'm probably as strong as this.
Or bowl-chan one-chan money quite excellent excellent to Do Well but I specifically'm excellent in
Yes
OK
I 'm not using it here
It is delicious if you send vanilla
Please receive ok person
Do not you know rice to the bus bar
Buy Family Crest or Day Cafe
Oh
Nice 3 c girl
collected
By the way, I 'm going to go to the ground very much initially including love with Rastrust Nepei
With love
Go on
Can deliver that love
Yes
But I sometimes Bali rice from the vanilla ice
Eh Bandeis Car's Barely
Follow
Yes, not getting new characters this time
But I was brought up immediately if the operation's that Well Well I recently little
Ok so yes
Well friend is basic 100 per approval but it is such a feeling like this yes
It is
Is weak type
I do not use it that say this kind of r characters Haneano synthesis
I think that I want to eat and I want to output something
If you want me to pass on the baby girl 's character from Gureng souvenirs , that 's it !
I'm using it now basically I'm using the Bokko method
It is expected that if the period of refrigeration, so if you have any comments you will know
Bye-bye was a game now by at mean that Asahi